everyone we're going on a road trip road
trip vacation and Bonnie had a great day
in class she made a new friend I want
you to meet four key he's a spool the
panic is attacking me hey watch it I was
a pursuit
salad maybe chili I am NOT a toy we can
get him back Bonnie needs her favorite
toy woody hold on
why do I have to be a toy you have to
understand how lucky you are to belong
to a child hot wet carry me No
let's go blast how am I gonna find woody
thanks inner voice whoo and Finity and
beyond
oh hey kid step right up
get yourself a real Buzz Lightyear
you're not going anywhere if there's one
thing I know it's that a toys job kaboom
has never died
hey up here Astro Boy if you think you
can just show up and take our top prize
spots you'll rule dead wrong help me get
out of here with my foot it started with
the beat drop that came in my mind the
tails so decisive can't describe to my
kind and I'm the master of the [ __ ] I
created to spit yo
[Music]